"Official Selection in Competition"
"Cannes Festival"
"Benedetta"
Subtitle by (lcb)
Peace be with you, my sister.
Do you want to sing a song?
Who are you and what are you doing here?
We accompany our daughter to the monastery of
Pescia, where our daughter will become a nun.
Then they must have a
lot of money, Commander.
They don't accept anyone
for free at the monastery!
I travel with permit documents,
I do not carry money.
You must have at least something
of value in your possession.
Give us back that necklace.
It belongs to my mother.
She is braver than you!
The Blessed Virgin will
punish you if you do not return it.
How do you know girl.
Our Lady does what I ask of her.
It does not matter now...
that of the virgin.
Do you hear it?
It is the voice of the Virgin.
She is showing that she is listening to me.
Shit!
Tómalo!
Have fun with your virgin lady.
Let's go!
Good morning, Mr. Carlini.
Please follow me.
Wait here.
I know you've brought
a new bride for Jesus.
Benedetta will be very happy with us.
We also brought a lot of
oranges, apples, and wine.
And you will get the same amount for
the next twenty-five years.
Every year.
That's very generous of you, Mr. Carlini.
And the deposit?
When little Benedetta
was born, she was about to die.
But she was saved by a miracle of God.
So I promised to give it to him.
This is very moving.
I have heard many stories like this.
And every time she affects me.
But every year we see hundreds of
beautiful girls who want to serve God.
These are this year's competitions.
And I can only accept three.
In exchange for your acceptance of my daughter, I will
be happy to present you with a gift of 50 gold coins.
Not counting fruit and wine,
that's fine too, right?
Outside these walls,
the bride price is not less than 50 coins.
Is the bride of Christ worth less?
We can discuss it.
Seventy-five.
Don't haggle like a Jew for 25 coins.
And after all, Giuliano,
she is your sweet daughter.
Agree.
- A hundred coins!
- We don't buy horses here!
Your word is enough for me.
and your invoice.
It is a very big one.
- But it's beautiful.
- Take off your dress.
What is this?
It belongs to my mother.
So that I can pray to Our Lady.
Honey, here we have our own Virgin.
From today you will pray it.
- But it's mine.
- It's okay. Shut.
The dress, now.
Pica! It's terrible.
This.
Calm your body
I should be satisfied with that.
When I was a little older than you.
While I was working
they cut my finger off with a knife.
This finger is made of wood.
And I love him more than the rest...
..if I could
I would replace every part of my body
with pieces of wood,
To engrave the name of God on it.
And on your tombstone?
You are a smart girl.
Intelligence can be very dangerous, honey.
and not only in others.
Benedetta, she is here.
Lady.
This is the monastery room.
Use this tomorrow.
Oh Mary my good friend.
Now you are my mum.
Please help.
I am totally alone.
I don't even know if you can hear me now.
Benedetta?
You got hurt?
Raise the statue.
Did you touch the statue?
No. Something happened to him and
he fell on me - What were you doing here?
I wanted to pray to the Virgin.
Are you able to stand up?
Yes.
It is a miracle that it
has not been crushed.
It's okay.
Go to sleep and let Benedetta rest.
Come.
Mother!
Wasn't this a miracle, perhaps?
No gossip.
Miracles don't grow
everywhere like breakfast.
Most of the time, they are just events.
I didn't believe so much
18 years later
I long to see my son, Jesus.
I long to see her body again.
Oh Lord.
We know that you are immortal
I saw an angel.
He told me that night.
Cheer up, your son will live.
And in your presence my brothers
I pray tirelessly.
Oh noble lady,
full of grace and wisdom.
You are our consolation.
Now I'll lay down in this bed made for me.
"Benedetta"!
Come!
You are my wife.
Come now!
I'm coming, my God! I'm going.
Come!
Benedetta, your feet!
This banquet was organized by us
for our honourable guest.
Giuliano Carlini.
Cheers.
Let us also remember our beloved
Bishop of Milan, who left us last week.
Did you hear that the cause
of his death was the plague?
That's how it is.
The bishop was a brave man.
But I doubted that this
meeting would make you change your mind.
If this is the will of God, then the place
of the bishop will be for his Eminence.
No. No. This is really sad.
To do this we must walk without shame,
above our heads in the Vatican.
And I'm not that kind of person.
And if the Pope notices this
place on the map, it will be a miracle.
Let's hope for a geographical miracle.
Why did you move your legs?
You should have been dead.
I have seen Jesus.
He called me.
I'm his girlfriend, right?
Yes of course.
Help me!
- Open the door for me.
- Open.
Help me please!
Open up!
Help me!
No, it's coming! please.
Get away!
She ran away from me!
You are mine, bitch!
No, don't give up on me, please!
Come. Come.
You want to fight?
They are in a monastery!
I love Christ.
- Help me.
- I'm the father of this girl.
- It belongs to me.
- Let me stay here.
But... the monastery is not a place
where everyone is accepted.
You have to pay to stay here.
you have money?
- No.
- Come on. Come on, that's enough.
No!
Let me!
I want to serve the Lord!
Please help her!
We will pay your bill!
Do you want me to pay a strange girl?
I will pray for you all my life!
Marvellous!
Mr. Carlini.
The rich will not enter the kingdom of God.
Are you ready to pay?
And you, mum,
don't you do everything to get to heaven?
Well.
It will be a gift for you, Benedetta.
How to be a gift?
My daughter is mine.
You cannot buy it.
- I'll give you ten dinars, no more.
- Bring it!
Not the price of the dogs
that will replace this bitch.
Well.
That's great.
Take a bath.
It will help you.
What is your name?
I am Sister Benedetta, and you?
Bartholomew.
Bartoloméa... what?
Just Bartoloméa.
Is it mandatory to shower here?
A pure soul requires a pure body.
The water is very cold.
No, no, wait.
I almost fall.
Will you stay with me for a while?
Sister Benedetta?
Your nightgown on the table.
I need to defecate, where do I go?
come with me.
Are they real seats with drains?
Where have you been doing that before?
In the street with the cattle.
What a good feeling!
- What a relief!
- Shh! You can't scream like that at night!
I hope this is not prohibited.
Waiting.
Excuse me, who did that to you?
My father.
Why?
My mother died of the general plague of
the past, then my father took me as his wife.
I always said I didn't want to,
and he always said he didn't care.
- As a wife, in the sense of everything?
- If all.
My brothers used to do the same,
when the old man saw nothing.
Today I tried to stab
him with a pair of scissors.
He didn't like it, so he hit me.
So I ran away.
Beauty can have a tax.
Even if it looked like a sheep,
the same would happen to me.
Do you think me beautiful?
Don't you realize it yourself?
No, we don't have a mirror.
You're beautiful.
Can you see your reflection in my eyes.
- I don't see anything.
- Come closer.
Now look.
What are you two doing here?
I have brought the sister
to the resting place.
Who is she?
Christina, the nun.
And is she always spying like this?
Father, I feel that Bartoloméa
needs a mentor, but I cannot teach him.
God is the one who sent this girl.
You need a lot of love and affection.
Yes, it must be guided with an iron fist.
not through me.
May god guide you.
Save me, Jesus!
What did these monsters want?
Kill you.
These are the demons that
tried to keep us away from each other.
But they are stupid.
Neither life nor death can separate us.
Stay with me.
Yes Jesus.
I'll stay with you.
Speak sister.
Dad.
I have seen Jesus.
- In a dream?
- No.
Of flesh and blood.
How do I see you now in front of me.
When you saw it, how did you feel?
- ...fearfully.
- So it was a false vision.
When Christ becomes incarnate for us,
we are filled with joy.
How do I know what is
right and what is wrong?
Through suffering.
Suffering is the only way to know Christ
I know God wants us to suffer, Father
...but.
- That would scare me.
- It's normal.
God's voice is often terrifying
...the idiot says
I'm not scared
but I know he's scared to death.
Have you ever seen how a surgeon works?
Do you really enjoy suffering?
Keep praying and everything will be fine.
In the name of the Father,
the Son and the Holy Spirit.
And spools of silk thread?
Do you know how much it costs?
How stupid you are! You ran into me!
- Excuse me?
- It's your fault.
Stop lying.
You are the reason. Saw that.
- Take the rollers out of the pot.
- But... the water is boiling.
Get him out quick or
I'll send for your dad.
And now the rest.
Do I have to do that again?
Otherwise, the reels will be damaged.
No. Stop.
What is it?
What's going on here?
Bartoloméa burned his hand.
- Come on, everyone to work!
- Sister Petra!
You need to go to the infirmary.
Take it then.
You found out that one of your sisters had damaged
the silk curlers, so you decided for yourself.
To punish her.
No mother.
- No?
- I didn't want to punish her, but to hurt her.
...you wanted to cause one of
your sisters pain. intentionally.
Yes, by the way.
Wasn't that a malicious motive?
If you think it was for a
malicious motive, I'd say it's true.
Don't you know your true feelings?
It seems I don't.
Bartoloméa... did something bother you?
No.
- Do you hate her for some reason?
- No.
Do you have feelings for her?
I feel... sympathy. Yes.
without suffering.
Including what you did to him yourself?
Yes, but Father Recordati told me that
pain leads us to God and makes us stronger.
...our suffering.
Without suffering from others.
Your enthusiasm has gone too far
I'll take your bread away for a week.
And for two weeks, you'll
change Sister Jacob's sheets.
You can go.
I'm ready mother.
- Sister, I have to help you.
- Get away.
I have had problems at
work and I am proud of it.
Pride is a mortal sin.
Everyone has the right to make mistakes.
What is your sin
I never did anything wrong.
- But I know you can make a mistake.
- Of course.
Help me.
..my sin.
That I was Jewish.
Sister Petra was a whore.
They all have children and a past,
but nobody cares.
And my father was circumcised.
This is a sin that cannot be forgiven.
You just discovered one of my secrets.
Do you call it that?
God speaks in many languages.
If your heart is brave
enough to open it up.
¡Aléjense!
Let the leading nuns come in!
Help me!
Save me!
Tie it there.
Go find the doctor.
How is she?
I watered it with poppy extract.
she is sleeping.
Why is he suffering?
I did not find anything abnormal.
However, it was obvious
that he was suffering.
She was screaming for
hours without stopping.
You have black mucus in your urine.
This happens a lot.
What happens if the seizure recurs?
I leave you the poppy extract.
Twenty dinars.
Why are you so cruel?
Do you want to be with me?
I want to be with you.
No! No!
No!
"Jesus"!
Thank you Jesus!
"Benedetta"
I will heal your wounds.
You are not Jesus!
I am Jesus.
- And you are my wife!
- No!
This is a lie!
Surrender to me!
!Enough.
I will cut you to pieces.
You will have a roommate.
Thanks.
"Benedetta"!
Are you feeling better now?
I feel what God wants me to feel.
I decided to put a companion next to you.
Will stay with you day and night.
She will take care of
you and pray with you.
She will give you your medicine if needed.
I don't want to be a burden.
Let's see if this helps.
Bartoloméa is the
perfect sister for work
I hope there is something to
appreciate in this selection.
Maybe a lesson in tolerance.
Why are you here?
Did you come to torture me?
Did I do something to make you think that?
How can you put something here?
It's the dress I was
wearing when I came here.
Yes?
It is a statue of my mother.
She gave it to me when I was little.
Well, we'll put it... there.
The devil followed me
I tried to hurt myself.
Now it's gone.
Have you ever gotten out of bed?
I still don't feel good.
The head of the monasteries
asked me for help.
What is this?
Preparation.
I don't know her.
I can teach you.
Studying things didn't go well for me.
It is too hot.
Is there something else?
No thanks.
I'm going to bed.
Can I see a little?
We cannot be naked in front of others.
Oh really?
I saw you!
That was a joke.
You really are the clown sister.
Maybe.
I saw your boobs.
I saw them.
"Benedetta"
Do you want to suffer to show me your love?
Take off your clothes.
We are prohibited from taking off our
clothes in the presence of other people.
And accept?
You shouldn't be ashamed of me.
Do what I say.
Present, sir.
I obey you.
Come.
Take away what divides us.
Put your hands on mine.
Oh God.
"Jesus.
That's a lot! I can not anymore.
Help me. Help me!
Help me!
Jesus, who did this?
Last night.
He did this.
This too.
The stigmata!
Were you in prayer when this happened?
I was in bed, asleep,
When did that happen.
Saint Francis was in
prayer when he received the stigmata
Katrina from Siena too.
Neither of us was asleep
I was sleeping.
- Jesus left these traces.
- He was 'Jesus'. Saw that.
You've seen?
I heard him speak.
And what did he say?
I do not remember.
I thought the word of God
made more impressions.
Bring sister Benedetta to my room.
Are you going to open the door?
Wounds bleed non-stop.
Is deep.
Sight.
The legs are the same.
- It's swollen?
- Even worse.
How can this happen?
I do not know.
I have not seen this.
What can we do?
Keep clean.
Change bandages every two hours.
Take off his cap.
There is no blood.
It's strange!
When they put a crown of thorns on him.
Jesus' forehead was bleeding.
I see nothing.
Inspection is over.
And close the door.
Do you have any doubt?
The girl was in bed.
Miracles don't happen in bed, believe me.
Then? what I write?
The absence of scars
on the head is puzzling.
All confirmed cases of scars
included crown of thorns.
Let's not write anything definitive.
You agree with me?
- Your Eminence?
- Yes, my daughter.
I can go.
Naturally.
Do I have wine if you want?
Gladly.
Please let me go.
Do you think this miracle
should not be believed?
Dear director of the monastery,
I think you do not believe it at all.
Do I look sarcastic?
Maybe.
Only now I have the same vision.
This is very possible.
Like the ones in San Francisco.
Assisi was an unknown people.
Now the pilgrims flow to him like a river.
And they fill the treasure of the Basilica.
That is ruled by a bishop, not an abbot.
Jesus, what's wrong with me?
..morning.
You will know! you sinners.
The plague is coming and it
will be a terrible punishment!
And I will save you from
that with a blessing .. my wife.
And here they persecute, torture
and kill whoever saves them!
What happened?
I have fallen.
This is not a miracle.
Your Eminence, this has gone too far.
Do you want to bring
the wrath of heaven on us?
You heard the words she said just now.
- ...I heard words, but.
- Will you laugh at me too?
These disturbing words
belong to the voice of the Lord.
I feel this with all my heart.
This is a true miracle.
How can you deny it?
I do not deny it, Your Eminence.
You are pretending to be good.
And when I turn around,
you stick a knife in my back.
Hassan. Let's see what God will give
each of us in life.
Bendícenos, Benedetta.
¡Santa Benedetta!
People want to believe that
Benedetta has become a saint.
But we know it doesn't make sense.
Oh really?
You said yourself that he had no
scars on his forehead.
The glass was immediately shattered.
And the blood appeared.
Did you see that? You were there?
- No.
- Then you don't know anything.
I did not see anything.
- But I know,
- and how did you know?
Did God incarnate you?
Do you also have a vision?
Why do you defend her?
We don't always understand how God works.
Maybe he put Benedetta in a trance
...and then she's in that state.
His wounds appeared.
...or God drove her crazy.
And that was necessary for
something he wanted to say.
I want you to give me your heart.
Won't I die without a heart?
You will live. you love Me?
How am I going to live without a heart?
I will give you something better.
My heart.
Bartholomew.
- What is there?
- Jesus gave me his heart.
It is a very big one.
Too big for my chest.
Check it out.
Look how big it is.
I feel so. Yes.
- What is there?
- Benedetta had a nightmare.
Everything is fine.
Good evening.
Come on, go to sleep.
Something miraculous happened to us.
"Jesus Christ" Christ chose
one of our sisters .. "Benedetta."
We have all seen it.
And we hear the words "Jesus".
Subahwa Lillarb.
Bless God.
..."chosen" by Jesus.
.. Therefore, we are the supreme
authority of the Church.
We have chosen Benedetta
as abbot of the nunnery.
In the name of the Father,
the Son and the Holy Spirit.
Amen.
...to pray to our Lord Maulana.
This is impossible.
Sister Christina...
what do you have?
With all due respect to you, father.
We.
We, the sisters of this monastery.
Who should we choose
a new abbot from a monastery?
And it's just us Jesus, chose her.
Your Lord and your God.
It is the will of God.
But who decides what the will of God is?
- Aren't we, sisters?
- 'Christina '-
Get out of here.
Immediately.
Solved case.
..I will ask,
to the abbot of the nuns of
the monastery to deliver his mandate.
Sister Benedetta.
Come closer.
What a bed!
It's my bed, it's double.
And it's all for us!
Sister Jacob has fallen!
He can no longer move.
I don't think I'll get over this day.
I will stay by her side
and take care of her.
Naturally.
But someone will have to
take his place during Mass.
Today I will serve the first
mass as abbot of the monastery.
I think you should be there.
Well, priestess in chief.
I'll stay with sister jacoba.
Until dawn if necessary.
Excellent.
Jesus said nothing about your condition.
He's making fun of you,
but you didn't say anything.
These are the rules of the game.
In the end, everyone wins.
The abbot of the monastery
will become bishop
and the monastery will
receive financial benefits.
Is this important?
It may not be important or even useless,
but I have dedicated my life to it.
I was afraid of life,
so I chose to give it to this monastery.
Or maybe I was chosen for that.
- But mum, you can't leave like this.
- Call me Sister Felicita.
..but people need to know.
This is what is called rowing.
What they need to know, they already know.
If they don't lie, Benedetta...
Because they don't need this denial.
If you do that they will destroy you.
Everything is fine.
I'm not going to defend you.
It's time for mass, Sister Felicita.
Ugly dream.
Dad.
I need to confess.
- at this time?
- I really need it, father, please.
Kneel before the cross
before the Lord and repent.
God taught me never to lie.
This is why it is so urgent.
Speak, renew your connection with our
God "Jesus" the living Christ.
It's about Sister Benedetta,
I came to tell you that...
Are you going to talk about your boss?
Yes.
Yes, I'll talk about my boss.
Your prophecy is invalid.
His miracles are false.
She is the one who made all his scars,
it is not your confession, my daughter.
Did you come to blame someone else?
I blame myself .. for the silence.
The thing is.
Do you have any idea?
The stigmata... on his head.
He picked up a piece of broken glass.
He rubbed his forehead until he bled.
Have you seen that?
Yes.
Three.
Yes?
- Four.
- Yeah right.
No. You're hitting the pen too hard.
I ruined it.
Can not.
Come.
You want to see me?
Show me
deeper than that.
deeper.
Can not.
My fingers are short.
you want to try?
Oh God.
No.
No. No.
No, no.
- Yes.
- No.
- No!
- Come on, tell the chills now!
Tell her!
I can not stop.
Jesus.
Do you want more?
Today's reading will be from Leviticus.
...but before we start
I would like to ask a question that would
break the heart of one of our sisters.
Sister Christina.
If something bothers you...
You have to express it.
Do you want me to speak now?
Here?
This is your right.
Take the burden off your heart,
Come and speak.
Let's talk.
...the head of our nuns.
Deceive us.
He lied to us.
My dear sister explains what is in you.
Do you want to complain
about the main mother?
...I only know that
...what
What do you know, sister?
Benedetta fooled everyone.
She made her scar on her forehead.
.. when you fell.
The glass broke and he was hit with it.
Saw that.
Christina, dear sister,
what are you talking about?
I'm sure the other marks on
his body were the same.
Sister Christina,
Did you see that?
How did our boss mother
cut herself with glass?
- Is that what you mean?
- Yes.
I told the main nuns.
What did you say to her?
What I have seen.
What did Sister Benedetta do?
Do you realize that
perjury is a mortal sin?
I do not lie.
Sister Felicita,
Told him.
Did Sister Cristina tell you
that she had seen Sister Benedetta?
Rub his forehead with the glass?
She was seriously suspicious.
But did she see it?
She came live!
But was she present or not?
No.
She was not there.
Lie!
She doesn't believe in me!
She is possessed by demons!
We have to punish her!
Whip!
- She must spank herself!
- The devil must be expelled from this body!
Take off your clothes!
Cast out these demons.
Hit yourself, my dear sister.
Well.
The rain stopped.
I have a gift for you.
It will be more useful than my fingers.
Do you want to try it?
It could scratch.
Actually.
I'll fix it.
Take off your clothes.
You enjoyed it, right?
What did you hear?
Watching Christina spank herself.
Wrong No.
This is something different.
I was thinking of you.
I thought how would you feel about it.
We tried?
Slightly.
it hurt?
Not well.
There is light.
Is a star?
Sinner.
The comet is just above the monastery.
- What does that mean?
- Indicates a warning from God.
Something terrible is going to happen.
No! No!
"Christina"
What have you done.
What have you done
...your silly little sister.
Sister Felicita, I want to
put my hand on her to bless her soul.
You... don't touch her.
That is my duty.
The soul of the suicide goes to hell.
I don't want that to happen.
Put your hands away.
One word from me and I
will save her from eternal fire.
Shut up, you motherfucker!
Let me!
It's enough!
Bitch!
Vile joke!
She ordered me to do it.
I know she is no longer the head
of the nuns, but... where did she go?
To Florence.
Sister Felicita left.
Went to Florence.
Why did you do that?
To speak to the head
of the monastery, I think.
And what will you say?
And what are you afraid of?
Of everything.
What do you mean?
That the miracle is not real?
I did not say that.
..AND
That I cut my forehead myself with a glass?
That's exactly what you did, right?
It is not like this?
I do not know.
I don't know how that happened.
I only know that God
expresses His will through me.
..not just my skin.
But this too.
For!
You disgust me.
Is that what scares you?
What would Sister Felicita say about us?
What we do?
Do you think we should be ashamed?
Shame does not exist
under the protection of God's love.
God's Love.
You love yourself.
- Then come to me.
- No.
Show me your chest.
Please.
Do not touch it.
She is not guilty of anything.
Benedetta.
Maybe everything will be revealed.
Where is Teresa?
at the hospital.
It will not survive, Your Excellency.
It probably won't.
Three have died since Sunday.
But I am not afraid.
This is because you are so vibrant.
The baby will be born in a few weeks.
Milk appeared earlier.
Enough!
Do you want to add something?
I've told you everything.
Now everything is in your hands.
Big accusations require massive evidence
I only told the truth.
You can doubt my motives.
But come to Pescia.
You will see it with your own eyes.
If your sight is true.
If something is wrong with Pescia,
I can find out.
And if that sister is really guilty of
blasphemy, then there is a fire waiting for her.
...but if your testimony is false.
What will they do to you?
Do you know it well?
Yes.
He.
Oh God!
Jesus!
Pray!
Have mercy on us sinners!
This is a sign of God's justice.
The third angel blows the trumpet.
A great star fell from the sky,
burning like a torch.
The epidemic will affect
a third of the entire Earth.
It is an epidemic!
It's the way to punish us!
He sent a plague on sinners!
O Spirit of Christ, sanctify me.
O Body of Christ, save me.
Oh blood of Christ intoxicating me.
Oh water close to Christ, wash me!
...passion of Christ.
Thanks God.
I appreciate it!
do not worry.
The comet is a sign
that God is protecting us!
The plague will not infect Pescia!
Jesus promised me.
I am his wife.
The city will be saved!
Lord Jesus, protect us!
Protect us from the plague!
Thank you Lord Jesus.
My God Jesus.
I knew you would save us.
Thank my God.
Close the city gates.
Don't let anyone in or out.
This is the Lord's will.
Close the door now.
Sister?
What's up?
"Benedetta"!
Is the grave for you?
Answer to me!
It's a message! Fall from the sky.
The end is near!
Get ready, people!
Everything is written here, read it!
These are the words of God!
Bishop, come up with a solution.
You, Your Excellency, may die.
Don't let me die like this,
go to the father of your diocese.
He is the one who will take care of you.
this is me!
I am the father in my diocese.
Tómalo!
Open the door to the bishop!
The door will stay closed!
No one will go in, no one will go out!
I am an envoy from Florence, open the door!
Even if you are
the pope, it doesn't matter.
We will not open!
You are under my tutelage!
Guardianship of the Church!
We are here under
the tutelage of "Jesus" himself!
The door will stay closed!
Your excellence
I am the abbot of Pescia
I am Alfonso Gilioli,
the representative of the Pope!
And I have to speak to
the abbot of the convent.
Unfortunately, I regret to inform you that
Santa Benedetta passed away this morning.
I'm sorry you came here.
I'll stay with you at her funeral,
take me to her.
Let's go.
The procession must stay out of town!
Those who enter will be
examined by our doctors.
- Even you, Excellency.
- It was God who sent us.
And it's not you who is going to stop us!
Let's get in!
To open. To open.
It is a great honour to
welcome you, Excellency.
- Did you choose a day like this for a show?
- No, Your Excellency.
Before dying, he instructed the nuns to
celebrate their ascension to heaven to the Lord.
- Is it another view of her?
- Yes, Your Excellency. Just like that.
The coffin will carry nine rookies.
...disguised as angels.
The skin is clean.
No sign of the plague.
- How did that happen to her?
- Excellency, your passing was surprising.
I'll prepare the burial.
Do whatever it takes.
You seem to have doubts.
I never think I'm dead.
That is so amazing.
May the Holy Spirit be with you.
...and God's mercy and compassion.
Jesus, don't leave me!
Do not let me go.
I want to stay with you.
I was in heaven, in peace and quiet.
But they got me out of there.
I was expelled like a child
coming out of its mother's womb.
Jesus sent me here on earth.
For what reason, mother?
I have seen people who are about to die.
I have seen all their souls and I have
shed many tears.
You saw my soul too, I guess?
Jesus sent me down here.
To save you from the plague
and what will come next,
from the eternal fire of hell.
Don't worry about
the eternal fire of hell, mother.
Fire already awaits
you here, in this world.
The black plague is coming to Pescia.
I was at the city gate, disguised,
I saw crows singing and I saw the corpses.
Rich, poor, women and children.
And Jesus was there too.
He promised me that as long as I am alive,
you will be alive too.
You are officially charged
with blasphemy and sexual perversion.
The procedures will start tomorrow.
We haven't found anything, Excellency.
Did you look everywhere?
- Did you cut the bedding and pillows?
- Yes, Your Excellency. any.
Is so big.
It must be somewhere.
Look again.
What will you tell them?
The Truth, what else?
You can say something else.
Apprentice Bartoloméa.
Stand up.
Well.
Sister Felicita...
Tell us what you have seen
I have no words to describe this act.
Please try it.
I saw this girl naked with nothing.
With the mother director, Benedetta.
Can you be more precise, sister?
They served each other
...each in their turn
like a man with a woman.
How did you see these actions?
Through a hole, I did it myself.
On the wall of my old room.
And that? Isn't it a mortal sin?
- Spying on the nuns?
- Today we do not judge the ex-nuns.
We have to do it.
Who knows if his words
weren't dictated by jealousy?
Also, Sister Felicita's testimony
is just the beginning.
and not the last.
Bartholomew.
How do you respond to
Sister Felicita's accusation?
This is the truth?
Excuse me!
I don't understand what he was saying.
Have you looked lustfully
at Archpriest Benedetta?
lust? between one woman and another?
this is not possible.
The limits of what is possible
in this monastery are very wide.
"Bartoloméa"
Have you looked lustfully
at Archpriest Benedetta?
But with love.
Everything I have towards the top.
The nuns Benedetta is love.
I feel the same for all the sisters.
But you did not express this love.
With the rest of
the sisters like this, right?
No.
Sister Felicita, in what way
this apprentice Bartoloméa...
Expressing your love for the main mother?
He used a small
wooden statue of the Virgin.
Penetrating .. in Benedetta's genitals
and giving her an orgasm.
An unheard of crime.
It is blasphemy that
distorts the order of things.
It is an abomination that
deserves the death penalty.
So bad!
This is not true.
You can still save your soul, my daughter.
If you confess.
I have nothing to confess, Your Excellency.
If you know everything that happened,
why do you need my confession?
Your confession will alleviate your guilt.
You can still avoid.
Burning and 'Benedetta' too.
No.
Strip her of her clothes.
You can save your soul if you speak.
Well.
I admit it.
I had terrible ideas...
I hate Sister Juliana and wish her death.
Now let me go!
..My little girl.
This is not what we want to hear from you.
..for suffering.
Have you seen something like this before?
Joan of Arc was a brave warrior.
But they gave him this.
And then... he confessed all his
sins when he saw these tools.
Don't pretend to be
braver than Joan of Arc.
You don't need to pretend anything.
I already confessed it to you.
I told you I wanted to kill Sister Juliana.
I am guilty of murder.
be merciful.
I confessed it to you!
You and I haven't met yet.
But we are in the same boat.
The journey can be long.
or abbreviated.
Let's pray that God illuminates our path.
No! No! No! No! No!
Sign in.
What is love in your opinion?
I guess love is not being alone.
What is it. Feel hot in here.
Does your leg hurt?
Are you a leading nun
and want to wash my feet?
As a beginner,
I washed it more than the others.
Have you never touched a man?
No.
that's unfortunate. Because you are very
sensitive to the natural desires of women.
I don't want anyone but god.
Are you trying to seduce me?
Where does that talent for
prostitution come from in you?
I don't know what prostitutes have!
And I don't ask you
how you know her either.
Playing with me is playing with fire.
Literally.
I'm not afraid.
Naturally.
Can you imagine yourself
at the head of an army of light?
Love is the only army I need.
Love for Christ?
Is this what you mean?
Or the love of "Bartoloméa"?
And for Bartoloméa too.
Does Jesus have to share it?
He gladly shares everything.
With all the peoples of the earth.
What we are talking about is here.
This is not love for all humanity.
This is something more special, right?
La Bartoloméa is something special.
And through her I show
my love to the universe.
And the universe once cut you
with a little piece of wood, didn't it?
Show them the figurine!
Bartholomew.
I told them you made a mistake.
You forced me to sin.
How do you get a lie like
that out of your mouth?
I will not suffer for you!
- Go to hell!
- She's ready to confess!
There is.
It's the statue.
This is your love, Benedetta.
Rowing!
Rowing! How dare you?
How do you deal with my wife like that?
You will be responsible!
You are despicable!
You all will be judged
you all! O followers of Satan!
Stop judging!
You will beg me for mercy!
You will die in hellish torment!
When this happened?
Apparently, when he got here, he's
probably going to die.
Let her stay in the basement, no visitors.
No one should get out of here.
And burn everything you touched.
Everything will be fine.
I learned a thing or two
when I was a prostitute.
Humiliation leaves no scars.
Catch her! Catch her! Catch her!
Catch her!
The people of Pescia will not allow
those you have protected to be burned.
Alhab decides nothing, but
the church decides. the church decided.
- Firm.
- No...
I remind you that the girl
was sent to serve the Lord.
Dad. Consider your homework completed.
It is not about mercy or love.
Compassion and love
have nothing to do with duty.
So, do your thing.
- Your excellence?
- Yes?
Sister Benedetta has a request for you.
He wants to be allowed to pray
with Sister Felicita.
And ask for forgiveness.
.. as she wanted too.
to take her to the plaza.
...on a donkey,
as when Christ entered Jerusalem.
on a donkey. Of course, no.
But I'll let her do her
Congratulations comic.
After all, we have to
play our roles, right?
Well.
You can go.
You have to be careful, I'm dying.
I want to tell you what
Jesus revealed to me.
Your daughter is
waiting for you to join her.
I do not believe this.
She is burning in hell,
I always knew.
You gave your life to God
without believing in him.
Now it will give you rest.
And reward your work.
You will feel his love inside of you.
God never spoke to me
the way you spoke to me.
He's talking to you now.
It speaks to you through your pain.
So talk a lot!
But I don't understand anything you say.
Which is the?
What did he tell you?
Do you think I know?
May be.
If you know.
Yes.
Tell me.
"Benedetta"!
Benedetta, forgive me!
Benedetta, look at me!
Please forgive me.
Tell me you don't hate me.
Well.
I had to be betrayed.
Let me!
I will show you the kindness
that will make you congratulate me.
You will not suffer from the fire.
But you have to admit it all.
Let go of your lies.
To confess!
I will admit it.
You say.
Alas, miserable Pescia!
I couldn't protect you.
I could not protect you from evil.
They betrayed my love!
Now none of you will be safe!
Death will come to this city.
Like the wind that carries
everything in its path.
Sight!
..Angel of Death.
It has come closer.
Death is here!
He already walks among you.
Angel of Death!
Show me your face.
He's the one who did this to me.
The bishop!
He is the one who brought
the plague to Pescia.
For you.
To his children! To the fire!
To the fire.
Take it to the fire.
No! If you die, you will die too.
It is the bishop who must die!
This bishop is the one you have to burn!
Untie it! untie it!
Came back!
This is the kiss of peace!
Do not be afraid.
Do you want me to bless your soul?
.. when you were dead.
Have you seen another world?
Jesus showed me everyone's place,
past, present and future.
Why?
Will I go to heaven or hell?
To heaven.
You lie to the end.
What are you doing?
I'll be back there.
But there is nothing left there.
Why will you come back?
The monastery is my home and I want to
spend the rest of my life there.
It is a thing of the past.
Not for me.
We're going somewhere now.
- Do you believe that?
- Yes! anywhere.
We can go to Rome, Venice or Spain.
How are we going to eat?
Are we going to steal?
Or will we sell ourselves?
Things may be worse,
but we will survive.
If you come back, they
will take you back to the fire.
They won't burn me anymore.
Yes.
I will be protected.
of which?
Who is your husband, Jesus?
Still don't believe me?
- After everything you've seen?
- Sight.
- ...I already explained how it happened!
- Stop the hypocrisy! We are alone.
You can admit that these
scars were your own invention.
Dilo.
If you love me, say so.
Say it,
why do you say such terrible things?
Because I don't want you to die.
Those who were with you yesterday will
be the first to throw you into the fire.
You're right.
They will tie me up.
...and they will set fire.
The flame will touch
me, but it won't burn me!
God will not allow that to happen.
and everyone will see it.
No one will ever question me, not even you.
You will not doubt or
be afraid of anything.
This will be my gift to you.
You are crazy!
You're just a girl, Bartoloméa.
This is part of your magic.
Go away!
Then go.
Go to hell!
You will burn!
Go away!
Sister Benedetta Carlini's
testimony was rejected.
She lived until she was seventy years old,
isolated in the monastery complex.
You can attend mass, and sometimes...
...She was allowed to dine with
her sisters, but sitting on the floor.
for the plague that ravaged the country,
far from the city of Pescia
Paul Verhoeven film